---
layout: default
title: "Result R-1"
nav_order: 8  # Adjust based on your navigation structure
permalink: /r-1/
---

# Result R-1

<
Science Generalization Hypothesis
New perspective of philosophical view of Mathematics &Physics
A-SGH about category of physical being abstract object: ‎classification of the physical Abstract object substance ‎Ideal world; ‎abstract object; mathematics science: particularly aspect
A-1-1-Quantity of physical Abstract object substance ‎‎, Dissect ‎quantity in ontology; finite set Number theory in ‎mathematic‎
A-1-2- Quality of physical Abstract object‏; ‏Space character ‎in ‎ontology correspondence Static geometry in ‎mathematics
A-2-1-Quantity of physical Abstract object continues quantity ‎in ‎ontology‏ ‏‎; infinite Set Number theory in ‎mathematic‎
A-2-2-Quality of physical Abstract object‏ ‏‎ in ontology; dynamic ‎geometry in mathematic
SGH Generalizations about classification of physical being ‎abstract ‎object‎t; mathematics science
B-SGH about category of physical being object in ontology: ‎Ideal ‎world; concrete object; physics science: ‎Real‏ ‏world‎
B-1-1-Quantity of concrete object Existence Discrete quantity in ‎ontology; finite set number in mathematics; static ‎field unification ‎theory in physics
B-1-2-Quantity of concrete object Existence: continuous quantity ‎in ‎ontology; infinite set number in mathematics: ‎dynamic ‎field ‎unification theory in physics
B-2-2-Quality of physical concrete object Existence: ‎continuous ‎quantity in ontology: dynamic geometry in ‎mathematic ‎‏;‏‎ ‎Motion ‎study in physic
B-2-2-Quality of physical concrete object Existence: ‎continuous ‎quantity in ontology: dynamic geometry in ‎mathematic ‎‏;‏‎ ‎Motion ‎study in physic
















Book 1‎
Philosophy of science; ontology: existence components

Concordance:‎	
Preface
To Reader

This book is the result of my thinking and curiosity about the existence of creation and the wonders of galaxies ‎and black ‎holes ‎and the phenomenon of light and tiny particles and the connection and compatibility of all these ‎phenomena with ‎mathematical ‎language. In writing this book, I put aside any prejudice towards previous ‎knowledge and beliefs, be it religious, ‎traditional, or ‎even‏ ‏scientific. In this process of searching and being curious ‎about the issues that I grew up with since childhood, I had ‎uncertainty ‎and doubt even about the most obvious. I ‎had doubts about things that were normal, acceptable, and certain ‎according to ‎everyone, in such a way that ‎expressing this issue questioned my sanity. Among the things that were my doubt and ‎uncertainty ‎and I did not ‎accept any scientific definition of them are different definitions of space-time, the creation of ‎metaphysics, ‎physics, ‎and the definition of a set number, finite and infinite set number, point and line, Big Bang, universe ‎inflation, dark matter. Do electrons exist? What is the gravity field and how does it ‎work? How is light ‎nature? ‎What happens in the center of galaxies?‎
Like all those familiar with the beauty of mathematics and physics and who have drunk a sip from the holy grail ‎of ‎physics, ‎which is the unit field theory, I was thirsty to understand its truth. Such an important goal could not ‎achieved and the ‎need for ‎mathematical sub-structures is necessary in this regard. I concluded by thinking about ‎mathematics science ‎that ‎mathematics itself has fundamental ambiguities in its basic infrastructures and ‎definitions, and those ambiguities are rooted ‎in ‎the definitions and principles of ontology. Some objects lead to ‎philosophical categories. I was looking for unity to achieve a ‎basic unity between the three different categories of ‎philosophy, mathematics, and physics. so that ‎these sub-structures match ‎each other. Doubting the principles of ‎physics, mathematics, and philosophy among all their ‎countless followers is like walking ‎alone in the desert on a ‎night when even the moon and stars do not show themselves. This ‎matter put me at an important ‎crossroads: either ‎I should go to the safe path that everyone was taking, or I would walk alone in ‎the lonely desert, the ‎destination of ‎which was not clear. Its purpose was only a mirage in the desert. A path that no one ‎had taken before, there ‎were ‎no footprints or directions, and there were no signs on this path, I just had to follow a mirage that ‎seemed far ‎from reality, and ‎most importantly, I could not carry anything, because the condition of going on this trip is to pass ‎all that you know. And I chose ‎the second way with the help of firm will.‎
I spent with my firm will, alone on this path to keep up step by step 27 years. I ‎proceeded slowly to reach the edge ‎of the springs of truth ‎and drank a sip of it to quench my thirst for curiosity.‎
This book is the result of several years of research and thinking, so if you plan to spend your valuable time reading ‎this ‎article, I ‎request you to travel with me while you are reading this book leave behind your believes, and explore ‎new strange lands. You don't need to ‎believe in my ‎words, I only ask you to put everything aside at the beginning ‎of this journey. In this way, we will pass through ‎many lands, ‎many of which are unknown, and we will go ‎through difficult paths together to reach the truth. This book has three ‎chapters, ‎philosophy, mathematics, and ‎physics for you to study these three chapters. You will need at least some knowledge of ‎these three fields of ‎science. Considering that the focus of this book is on the unification and generalization of these three ‎categories as ‎unique fields, therefore, to ‎study each chapter, we must know the other categories so that we can understand ‎the ‎definitions and principles of ‎each section, therefore, understand so that we can achieve the final goal of this ‎book, which is the ‎unity and generalization between these ‎three categories. In the end, we get a science that takes ‎us out of the limitations of space ‎and time and gives us the power to ‎generalize science, which we can use to ‎answer many questions and uncertainties. in this ‎journey, We are looking for some facts that when we ‎reach it, we ‎realize that we knew it, we just forgot it.‎
Introduction
Here we introduce the SGH hypothesis, which is a kind of everything theory. Finding a theory of everything is one ‎of ‎the most important unsolved problems in physics science. A theory of everything is a coherent, comprehensive ‎and ‎unified idea of theoretical physics that is supposed to fully explain and connect all physical aspects of the ‎universe. ‎String theory and M theory have been proposed as the theory of everything. But still, these theories could ‎not ‎overcome the problems and criticisms that have been put on them and have been divided into different ‎branches that ‎have their own supporters and opponents and have not yet been able to be fully integrated. Currently, ‎there is no ‎candidate theory of everything that includes the Standard Model of particle physics and general ‎relativity and, at the ‎same time, is able to account for the fine structure constant or electron mass. Most particle ‎physicists await the ‎results of ongoing experiments to search for new particles in large particle accelerators, as well ‎as investigations space including solar system or galaxy or dark matter exploration and so ‎on. While all of these ‎experiment needs a lot of expense and time. While these type of everything theory are under ‎some limitations of ‎logical principles such as Occam's razor and Gödel’s theorem.‎
Nevertheless, SGH is a new and creative scientific hypothesis that has new and revolutionary theoretically ideas in ‎the ‎three fields of philosophy of ontology, mathematics and physics. SGH will redefines fundamentals principle of ‎ontology ‎‎, mathematics and physics, then by applying a new definition and integrating concepts and creating a ‎correspondence ‎between the fundamental principles of these three scientific field of science, it establish new ‎method for unifying and ‎generalizing the three field of philosophy, ontology, mathematics and physics and ‎reconstruct these three fields as ‎one unique field of science which we call it Science generalization hypothesis. ‎Apply this theoretical method has low cost and ‎save the time.‎ At first step SGH would redefine the fundamental ‎principles of ontological philosophy, such as existence of entity and ‎dimension of existence,‎
It define existence of entity from two point of view: object and motion ‎
it defines dimension of entity from two point of view: space and time.‎
Then it consider definition of entity as exist of entity as following aspects:‎
‎    1-‎quantity of exist :object in space ‎
‎    2-quality of exist: motion in time‎
Then, using this new ontological definition of exist and its dimensional frame, SGH will ‎reviewed and explained ‎and reconstructed mathematics field of science in two separate categories corresponding to the ontology category ‎as ‎follows:‎
Number theory and geometry
‎1- Number theory: corresponding to the quantity of Existence, that is, object in space
‎2- Geometry: Corresponding to the quality of existence that is, motion in time
Then, next step, based on these new definitions of the fundamental principles of ontology, i.e. existence, space, ‎time, ‎dimensions, and new definitions of the fundamental principles of mathematics, i.e. number theory and ‎geometry ,‎SGH theory explains and reconstructs physics science from new perspectives :‎
‎‏   ‏‎1-‎Field theory: correspondent to the number theory of mathematics, which is also corresponding ontologically ‎the quantity ‎of Existence, that is, object in space. ‎
‎    2-Studying the motion of an object: correspondent to the geometry theory of mathematics, which is also ‎corresponding ontologically  the quality of existence that is, motion in time
This hypothesis explains, integrates and correlates the fundamental principles of ontology, mathematics and ‎physics sciences with a new point of ‎view and make generalize them to all philosophical, mathematical and ‎physical categories in order to achieve a unification and generalization in all of them. To be able to answer the ‎ambiguities, problems, questions and paradoxes related to the various ‎fields of these sciences. ‎
Examples of unsolved problems that this hypothesis can answer are divided into three categories:‎
‎1- philosophy of ontology science:‎
What is existence? What characteristics can existence be classified into? What is the definition of time, space ‎and ‎dimension? What is the correct definition of abstract and concrete object? What is the difference between the ‎ideal ‎world and real world? What is the shape of the universe? Does the world have a beginning and an end? How ‎was the ‎world created? What is it made of? During what stages was it created? ‎
‎2-Mathematics science:‎
All materials are composed of particles that have properties such as charge and spin, but these properties are ‎completely mathematical. Space also has its own geometric features and like the rest of the world, it is made of a ‎structure based on mathematics. Space and all its contents have mathematical properties by themselves, and if the ‎world is really based on mathematics, there will be nothing incomprehensible in it. While many of its axioms are ‎hidden from us. Like: What are the nature of numbers and mathematical forms? Do mathematical concepts have an ‎independent and specific meaning outside of our mind? Basically, what is the relationship between mathematical ‎concepts and theorems with reality? How is the relationship between mathematics and other sciences such as ‎physics? What is the relationship between mathematics and logic? Can mathematical concepts and theorems be ‎analyzed and delivered to non-mathematical concepts and theorems such as logical concepts and theorems?‎
Why is there always correspondence between numbers and existence? Paradoxes related to sets and number theory, ‎such as: assignment of the infinite subject in sets and Russell's paradox. Why, according to the contour theory, the ‎points on the line and plane, etc., correspond to each other
Which coordinate system corresponds to the real world? Flat or curved? Why? Euclidean, non-Euclidean or ‎Hilbertian geometry?‎
‎3-Physics science: ‎
As of Today, the need for a unified field theory, the ambiguity in the description of the gravity field, and the ‎ambiguity in the ‎description of the nature of light or the expansion of the universe, as well as the scattering of ‎votes in the field of the ‎Big Bang theory and many similar ambiguities, prove the inability of current physics ‎theories. In the meantime, many ‎scientists have tried to interpret and describe some of these uncertainties, but these ‎interpretations were fragmented ‎and generally failed to solve the problems, for example, when we accept Newton’s ‎laws as the ‎fundamental principles of physics, when we reach high speeds, i.e. speeds close to the speed of light, or ‎we study in ‎extragalactic times, we inevitably have to abandon these principles. After that, Einstein and the ‎relativity law, which ‎could solve the problems of our physical science, but it was not long before quantum ‎mechanics challenged Einstein's ‎laws. How long should we go on like this? Does human science have limitations? ‎Are we always one step behind ‎nature? Are we limited in the time frame? ‎
‎1. What are correspondent of complex numbers in nature? And what creatures do they correspond to in nature?‎
‎2. Does the world have an end? Does nature, which corresponds to geometry, have infinite dimensions? Does it ‎have ‎an end? If so, in which dimension does it end? ‎
‎3. Earth is not influential in intergalactic dimensions, or electron mass is negligible in the structural equations of ‎atom ‎and nucleus, why? ‎
‎4. Why gravity is described by geometry and electromagnetism and other forces are described by quanta fields. ‎Which ‎is correct? ‎
‎5. What is the reason for our lack of knowledge about gravitational field? ‎
‎6. What is the shape of the world? And how was it created? In what stages was the world created?‎
‎7. What is time what is space? What's dimension? ‎
‎8. Is the expansion of the world real? Did the universe come from the Big Bang? Is the inflation of world true? If it ‎is ‎true, can it be concluded that the Big Bang hypothesis is true? If the Big Bang is true, what happened before the ‎big ‎Bang? Is our world one of many other worlds? ‎
‎9. What is gravity, the most mysterious and exclusive force of nature, and how does it work? ‎
‎10. Why do celestial bodies rotate around themselves? Why does the planet Saturn have rings around it?‎
‎11. The GZK paradox  Greisen-Zatspin-Kasmin based on special relativity concluded that ‎there is an upper limit ‎for the energy of cosmic rays, but in observations, sometimes this limit is broken and rays With ‎how many times ‎that energy have they reached the ground.‎
‎12. Bentley's paradox:  In the Newtonian universe, all the stars attract each other and as ‎a result the universe should ‎not be stable, but all of them should collapse.‎
‎13. Why is Newton's law of gravity not valid all over the world?‎
‎14. Where is the antimatter? Why is there mirror symmetry between the first discovered particles and ‎antiparticles? ‎Will there be a fundamental particle that, after its discovery, will end human efforts to find a single ‎substance?‎
‎15. What are dark matter and dark energy? Do they exist externally? Why have we not been able to ‎have ‎comprehensive information about them? ‎
‎16. Are there other forces and fields in nature apart from the weak and strong nuclear electromagnetic forces ‎and ‎gravity that we are familiar with? Is there any field or force which not discovered yet?‎
physicists are looking for a unified field theory for the unity of all forces and fields, while SGH, ‎with a more ‎comprehensive view, is looking for the unity between different field of sciences and fundamental concepts, ‎because any ‎unified theory be required making of unity between its components. ‎
Achievements: ‎
‎1. Creating a correspondence between nature and mathematics in order to create a language that can act as ‎a ‎mediator between the two means that this interpretation enables us to interpret the phenomena of nature ‎to ‎mathematics and vice versa. We used it for the same purpose, and the need for more complete mathematics is ‎felt
‎2. Vanish time and space limitation from our knowledge, that is, these two should not cause disruption in it‎
‎3. Simplicity and generalization of science. a generality that includes from the smallest particles to the ‎super ‎collection of galaxies and larger collections and fulfills the human desire of the present century, which is ‎seriously ‎looking for the unified field theory.‎
‎4. It enables us to get the facts in places where we have limited access in terms of space and time.‎
‎5. It enables us to clarify our problems and challenge so that we can classify them and use this classification to ‎reach ‎new results.>

[Download as PDF](/assets/book/Results/R-1.pdf)
